README.md, before:

# Readable

Second project of the React Nanodegree from Udacity. It is a simple app with made [React]('https://facebook.github.io/react/') similar to the typical forum platforms like Hacker News or Reddit.

It allows you to create, edit, delete and update posts and manage the comments of each post.

The project has been developed using [React]('https://facebook.github.io/react/') and [Bulma](http://bulma.io/).

***Important.** The project uses a backend provided by the **Udacity** teachers. If you want access to the project and use it, contact me first.*

## Installation

In order to install the app locally, you need to follow the next steps:

```
$ git clone https://github.com/miquelarranz/readable.git
$ cd readable
$ npm install
```

## Usage

Once you have installed the project in your local machine, you need to run the React environment with the following command:

```
npm start
```

If you want to modify the styles, the app uses Sass as CSS preprocessor, so you need to run it as well if you want to see your changes (it generates the CSS files automatically).

```
npm run watch-css
```

## License

Readable is distributed under the MIT license.

## Screenshots

![Posts Overview](src/images/documentation/Posts%20Overview.png)

![Post Detail](src/images/documentation/Post%20Detail.png)

![Create Post Modal](src/images/documentation/Create%20Post%20Modal.png)

Commit message:

docs: Update the docs
Added information about the server usage and
installation.

README.md, after:

# Readable

Second project of the React Nanodegree from Udacity. It is a simple app with made [React]('https://facebook.github.io/react/') similar to the typical forum platforms like Hacker News or Reddit.

It allows you to create, edit, delete and update posts and manage the comments of each post.

The project has been developed using [React]('https://facebook.github.io/react/') and [Bulma](http://bulma.io/).

***Important.** The project uses a [backend]('https://github.com/udacity/reactnd-project-readable-starter') provided by the **Udacity** teachers. If you want access to the project and use it, contact me first.*

## Installation

In order to install the app locally, you need to follow the next steps:

```
$ git clone https://github.com/miquelarranz/readable.git
$ cd readable
$ npm install
```

For the server, you need to follow the next steps:

```
$ git clone https://github.com/udacity/reactnd-project-readable-starter.git
$ cd reactnd-project-readable-starter/api-server
$ npm install
```

## Usage

Once you have installed the frontend project in your local machine, you need to run the React environment with the following command:

```
npm start
```

In order to run the server, you need the following command:

```
node server
```

If you want to modify the styles, the app uses Sass as CSS preprocessor, so you need to run it as well if you want to see your changes (it generates the CSS files automatically).

```
npm run watch-css
```

## License

Readable is distributed under the MIT license.

## Screenshots

![Posts Overview](src/images/documentation/Posts%20Overview.png)

![Post Detail](src/images/documentation/Post%20Detail.png)

![Create Post Modal](src/images/documentation/Create%20Post%20Modal.png)
